

## Meeting 1: Current Responsibilities

### Pre-meeting
```
When2meet: https://www.when2meet.com/?16153753-3v7JO
Research what we currently have as a constitution
Research how to apply for RIO status
Research on our current finance situation.  Do we have a bank account? Etc?
```

### Attendance
```
Current Board
Current SIG Leadership (1 per sig)
 - Abdullah  (PANDA)
 - GH President (Patima? I think)
 - SWITCH????
 - Game dev?
New Board Members (invites: Amanda Nitta)
```
### Agenda
- [ ] Introductions
- [ ] Ensure proper access to all proper accounts.  
- [ ] Review existing documentation.
- [ ] What do we need to be doing?  What should this meetings Agenda Be?
- [ ] Define CURRENT areas of responsibility.  (ICSpace, SIGs, General Meeting)
  - [ ] What is the plan to address these areas.  
  - [ ] Who is responsible for what?
- [ ] Develop Constitution Writing Plan
  - [ ] Co-Author Key Elements
    - [ ] Define Mission Statement
  - [ ] Steal Grey Hats Constitution?
- [ ] Develop RIO Application Plan
- [ ] New Board Members.  
    - [ ]Take ideas and make contact with them.
- [ ] Finances.
    - [ ] General topic but this needs to be covered in depth.  So little is known for me idk where to start.
- [ ] Anything NOT covered here?
- [ ] AAR

### Take-Aways by Meeting end
- Everyone has a clear idea of the scope of their role
- Clear idea of current tasks / responsibilities
- All **CURRENT** ACM responsibilities are delegated with a **PLAN**
- Current plan for writing a up to date constitution including someone tasked to **DO IT**
- Current plan for RIO application with someone tasked to **DO IT**
